[2024Q4] Update christmas-shop task (#1728)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: tasks/christmas-shop/christmas-shop-part3.md

   - At a page width of 768px and less, the navigation panel hides, and the burger icon appears: **+2**
   - When clicking the burger icon, the burger menu slides out from the right, and the burger icon smoothly transforms into a cross: **+2**
   - The burger menu occupies the entire available screen area below the `<header>` block: **+2**
   - When clicking the cross, the burger menu smoothly hides, moving to the right of the screen, and the cross smoothly transforms into a burger icon: **+2**
   - The burger icon is created using HTML and CSS without the use of images/svg: **+2**
   - Links in the burger menu work, providing smooth scrolling to anchor points: **+2**
   - When clicking on any link (interactive or non-interactive) in the menu, the burger menu hides, and the cross transforms into a burger icon: **+2**
   - When clicking on any link (interactive or non-interactive) in the menu, the burger menu smoothly hides to the right, and the cross smoothly transforms into a burger icon if a user stays on the same page: **+2**
   - The placement and sizes of elements in the burger menu correspond to the layout (horizontal and vertical centering of menu items): **+2**

>    - When the page width increases to 769px and larger, the burger icon and the open burger menu hide, and the navigation panel appears: **+2**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When the page width increases more than 768px, the burger icon and the open burger menu hide, and the navigation panel appears: **+2**
```

2. Implementation of the **Slider** on the `home` page: **+18**
   - Scrolling the slider in the corresponding direction is implemented by pressing left arrow button and right arrow button: **+2**
   - The left arrow button is inactive at the far left position of the slider: **+2**
   - The right arrow button is inactive at the far right position of the slider: **+2**

>    - Scrolling the slider is accompanied by like the carousel animation (the method of animation execution is not verified): **+4**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Scrolling the slider is accompanied by the carousel-like animation (the method of animation execution is not verified): **+4**
```

>    - The slider is fully scrolled with 3 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths of 769px and larger, and with 6 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths of 768px and less: **+8**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The slider is fully scrolled with 3 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths more than 768px, and with 6 presses of the arrow button in one direction for screen widths of 768px and less: **+8**
```

3. Implementation of the **Timer** on the `home` page: **+8**
   - The timer shows the correct value of the remaining days, hours, minutes, and seconds until the New Year in `UTC+0`: **+2**
   - Leading zeros are not displayed for single-digit numbers: **+2**
   - The timer updates every second, displaying the current remaining time with the labels `days`, `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds` (the labels must not change): **+4**
4. When opening and refreshing the page, 4 random cards are displayed in the block **Best Gifts** on the `home` page: **+4**
5. Implementation of the **Category switching** for products on the `gifts` page: **+8**
   - The **ALL** category is active and all gifts are displayed when opening or reloading the `gifts` page: **+2**
   - When switching categories, the gifts of the selected category are displayed: **+4**
   - Only the selected category tab is active: **+2**

> 6. Implementation of the **Button UP** on the `gifts` page: **+14**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Implementation of the **Scroll-to-Top** button on the `gifts` page: **+14**
```
